Her records are a complete match.
The body is that of Natsumi Hayase.
We found blood on your car, Mr. Hayase.
You're being filed with an arrest warrant.
You're being framed.
Get a grip, Gido!
Turn yourself in,
and you'll be punished with death.
You'll be leaving your only child behind.
What should I...
You must reboot.
I'll transform you into him.
I can make you become Gido.
Gido was investigating
Goroku's business undercover.
You'll have police intel,
and access to Goroku's circle.
The missing 1 billion yen remains at large, sir.
Gido, I had you look into this,
when you suddenly disappeared on us.
We were searching everywhere for you.
And now you've come crawling back to us.
It can't be. Did she trick me?
Sir, there has to be a mistake.
I never stole -
[Ayumi Gido, Reboot - Day 2]
Are you okay?
Spare me, I'm innocent!
It's me. Ichika Kogo.
I came to get you.
Okay, lads. That's enough.
Mr. Goroku's got a message for you.
If you're so innocent,
find us the real culprit, money and all.
You have until midnight.
You're asking the impossible.
Then give us someone else to blame.
Otherwise, you're not seeing
the sun rise tomorrow.
If I don't resolve this today,
they'll kill me.
Please, tell me what's really going on.
I'll start with the money laundering.
Goroku primarily deals with bettings
from foreign online casinos.
[Bets from online casinos]
Because online casinos are illegal in Japan,
bets can't be sent to foreign banks.
Instead, bets made in Japan
are sent to domestic bank accounts.
Goroku's organization manages these bets.
He first transfers the bets
between several corporate accounts.
Once the money's trail has been lost,
he sends them to those foreign banks.
He works with around 120 billion yen a year.
120 billion a year?
Goroku's organization also receives
a 4% cut as a commission fee.
Meaning they make about 5 billion yen a year.
That's still plenty.
[Dubious part-time work]
Goroku uses the names of part-timers
to make his many bank accounts.
He manages 500 shell corporations,
and 4,000 bank accounts.
If an account ever freezes
due to suspicious activity,
all Goroku has to do is cut them off.
Because all of these accounts
are attributed to various part-timers,
officials can't trace anything back
to Goroku's organization.
Using these methods,
Goroku has become known as the "Dark Banker".
He also funnels his dubious earnings
into his own GooSix Co.
And although the money is taxed,
he can use his laundered earnings
on less shady businesses.
I manage the organization's finances.
But after Gido threatened to kill my sister,
I was forced to send some money his way.
Wait, what?
I'm not following.
Wasn't Gido investigating Goroku undercover?
I'm sorry, that was a lie.
A lie?
Gido was a corrupt cop.
He was selling police intel to Goroku.
That's why the Inspector was questioning him.
General Inspector Makita,
also known as the "Grim Reaper".
Once you've caught his eye,
your career is as good as over.
He had Gido backed into a corner.
Did Gido steal the 1 billion yen?
He insisted that wasn't his doing.
Are you involved in embezzlement as well?
Yes. And so was my predecessor, Natsumi.
Say what?
Give that a look.
Natsumi worked as Goroku's accountant.
This was how she embezzled money
for Gido and herself.
You're lying.
Three years ago, a syndicate based in Asia
hired us to transfer a billion yen in cash
to a foreign bank.
Though it's more common to liquidate cash
by purchasing valuables
and then sell them at foreign auction houses,
you're required to pay a high handling fee.
This is why Goroku was to take the money,
move it across his bank accounts,
and then transfer it to a foreign bank.
The organization doesn't deal in cash often.
Only a few higher-ups
knew of the 1 billion yen.
Among them, Natsumi was in charge
of monitoring the bills.
But then someone stole that money.
The 1 billion yen we were safekeeping...
has been stolen.
Goroku immediately began searching
for the culprit.
After all, the money wasn't his.
He wouldn't want to lose his client's trust.
Or his life.
That was when Natsumi disappeared.
Everyone assumed Natsumi ran away
with the money.
Goroku could only search for her,
while slowly returning his client's money.
But everything turned on its head
when Natsumi was found dead.
Someone else had run off
with the 1 billion yen.
Gido was the first to be suspected.
He was thought to be embezzling money
with Natsumi, after all.
Did Gido murder her?
I doubt it. He was desperate to find
the true culprit himself.
What?
Eventually, you were incriminated
for murdering your wife.
Gido said you were being framed,
but then he himself was killed.
H-Hold on.
You turned me into Gido,
despite everything you knew?
I bet you could have predicted this outcome.
It was the only way to save you.
Lies.
You worked with Gido
to embezzle money from the organization.
And with Gido gone,
you would be the next suspect.
So instead, you turned me into Gido.
That's right.
I used you to save my own skin.
You're admitting it?
I changed my face. I lost my family!
What would you have done
if I was honest from the get-go?
I wouldn't have rebooted, for one.
No. You had no other choice at the time.
Besides, you still have a chance.
Find the real culprit.
I can't.
I'll tell Goroku I'm Riku Hayase, not Gido.
He'll kill you.
I am not Gido.
This billion-yen fiasco
is none of my business.
Goroku won't spare anyone
who has intel on the organization.
I only have 16 hours left to live anyway.
Then start searching.
Spend those hours wisely,
because your life depends on it.
You vowed to see your family again, right?
Let's work together.
I promise to protect you.
You think I can trust you now?
Please, just leave.
Leave.
Hayase's are known for being tenacious.
That's what your mother told me.
You can't give up.
Don't you dare speak about my family.
[15 hours remaining]
I only have 15 hours left.
Damn it, Ichika Kogo tricked me.
Good morning, Inspector Gido.
Morning, General Inspector Makita.
Where'd you get the new scar?
Fuyuhashi kidnapped me,
and beat me half to death.
I'm joking. I got drunk and tripped.
Please, not today, sir.
I'm still hungover.
Take care now.
I have to find a lead,
or else I'll be killed.
There has to be a hint in Natsumi's case.
Was Natsumi really involved
in money laundering?
Not to mention embezzlement...
Don't get too caught up in the weeds.
Chief Mikami.
The bosses want me to be careful, yeah?
Take another mental health leave,
and I'll have to share the blame.
So how about we hit the town tonight?
Can't. If I come up dry,
I'll be a dead man tomorrow.
You're acting like a man obsessed.
You sure you're all right, Gido?
- Good morning.
- Morning.
Sir, we searched for new leads
regarding Natsumi Hayase.
And?
Mrs. Natsumi worked as a financial consultant
for several large companies.
Her clients claim she was a fine worker,
and she caused no trouble.
Did she have any ties
to suspicious organizations?
Pardon?
Not as far as we're aware, sir.
Right.
But we did discover Mrs. Natsumi
was involved in an affair.
You all right?
Fine.
Could you elaborate?
According to one of Mrs. Natsumi's clients,
she owned two phones,
the second of which was constantly buzzing.
Another client witnessed her meeting a man
at a hotel as well.
Her family said she only owned one phone.
I guess they never knew.
Do you know who she met with?
Yes, sir. This is the feed from the hotel.
Who's this baldie?
We believe it's this individual here.
Isamu Kaieda, an attorney.
He's known for sexually harassing,
and abusing his secretaries.
His reputation is at a rock bottom.
However, he has the skills to back his name,
and has thus received no disciplinary action.
I'd bet he hooked up
with Mrs. Natsumi as well.
Then Riku Hayase found out,
and killed his wife in a jealous rage?
Please don't jump to conclusions.
Hey now, don't get mad at me.
Have you managed to reach Kaieda?
Though we're calling his office,
so far, nothing.
Figure out where he's hiding.
I need to see him, today.
Sir, that's a bit short notice.
Act fast. I have to see him.
Where are you going, sir?
Natsumi Hayase's home.
Just don't push yourself, you hear?
He had a nasty scar...
I'm sorry to make you push yourself, Mom.
With so many left,
I can guess we're not selling well.
Wait up, Takumi!
Yeah, don't run!
Why are you still coming to school?
Didn't your dad run away?
You dad abandoned you!
[Son of a murderer]
Just stop coming to school, stupid.
Give that back!
Stop, or I'm telling the teachers.
- Aw, man.
- Run!
Ignore them.
Mizuki, you'll get bullied, too.
Takumi, right?
Welcome home.
You're with the police.
So you remembered.
I was on break, but yeah. I'm back.
Do you tell your teachers about this?
It's none of your business.
Does your grandma know?
Don't you dare tell her.
She'll worry about it.
Fine.
- I'm home.
- Welcome...
Welcome home, Taku.
How was school?
Super fun.
Good. Now get studying, alright?
I will. How're you feeling, Grandma?
Just peachy.
I'll help after I'm done with homework.
Thank you, dear.
I'll come back. I promise.
Welcome.
Long time no see, ma'am.
Do you remember me?
The name's Gido. I'm with the police.
I was put in charge
of Mrs. Natsumi's case again.
We haven't heard from Riku.
Please, leave.
You'll start more rumors in the neighborhood.
Don't be so cold, ma'am.
Could I get a cream puff?
I'll take it as is.
Yeah, that's a cream puff.
Since I'm here, could I offer a prayer?
No need to glare.
I'm not here to press about Riku Hayase.
It's entirely possible
there's another perp out there.
Have you found someone else
who's possibly behind this?
No, ma'am.
We must remain level and fair
in our investigating.
But I can't blame Mr. Riku's own family
for believing he's innocent.
That's why I've come to ask
about Mrs. Natsumi's disappearance again.
We asked Mr. Riku about this, of course.
But was there anything he was unaware of?
Perhaps something about Mrs. Natsumi's job,
or maybe... even issues surrounding money?
This is to prove Mr. Riku's innocence.
If there's anything you know,
please, tell me.
Taku, be a dear, and go to your room for me.
I've never told Riku about this,
but this store only persisted
because Natsumi lent us her money.
I would borrow money from Natsumi
to stock our fridges,
and whenever we found ourselves in the red,
Natsumi would fund our business.
H-How much did you borrow from her?
If I include the debts incurred
by the previous owner,
I would say I borrowed
about 15 million yen in total.
Why didn't you ever tell Mr. Riku about this?
Because Natsumi asked me not to.
But still...
Natsumi said she was at her happiest
watching Riku bake his cakes.
She didn't want to cause him extra trouble.
But I had given Natsumi
her fair share of troubles,
all to protect the livelihood of this store.
The least I can do now,
is protect the store in her stead.
What's the matter?
Nothing.
I just wonder how Mrs. Natsumi
acquired the money.
I have no clue myself.
But Natsumi never complained about it.
I believe she simply worked hard
for her family's sake.
Natsumi, did you join Goroku
for the sake of this store?
[9 hours remaining]
[Tips for making Cream Puffs]
- Hello.
- Welcome!
Could I get eight cream puffs today?
Of course.
I'm sorry it's such a large order.
Oh please, anything for a loyal customer!
Here you go.
Thank you.
Thank you, come again.
I have no time, but...
Ichika Kogo takes priority.
Thank you.
Hello there.
Hello.
I've brought some more cream puffs
for you all.
Really?
Thank you so much!
[Ayaka Kogo]
It's chilly out here. You'll catch a cold.
You came again, Ichika?
You didn't have to, I know you're busy.
I brought more cream puffs you can't eat.
Again? Why do you always get those?
Because the lady there works hard
to make them.
Let's get some when you're better.
Sure.
I'm going to stay out here
a bit longer, okay?
Okay.
Then I'll grab you a blanket.
Thanks.
Are you alright?
Can you hear me?
Excuse me.
- Yes?
- Excuse me...
What seems to be the matter?
- Ayaka?
- This girl collapsed outside.
- Ayaka!
- Call the doctor.
It's okay, please bring her over this way.
Stay with us, Ms. Kogo.
Her bed is the one in the back.
Ms. Kogo.
Ms. Kogo, are you alright?
Ayaka.
Ms. Kogo, are you with us?
Can you hear us?
I'm listening to her heartbeat.
- What's her saturation at?
- 90%.
Bring her an oxygen mask.
Yes, sir.
Though she's stabilized,
her saturation's decreased again.
Will prostacyclin no longer help?
She's grown immune to it.
It won't be as effective.
I'll call your sister and doctor right away.
Don't, I'm fine.
Are you Gido?
Yeah.
You're dating my sister, right?
I finally got to meet you.
My sister never wanted to bring you around.
I see.
So, what do you like about her?
What do I... well...
Her strong will, I suppose.
She only acts strong.
Be there for her when she needs it, okay?
Ayaka.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
You almost gave me a heart attack.
Yes?
She's conscious.
I'll call the doctor right away.
Thank you.
They say no more going outside for you.
And especially not alone.
Too bad. Time to install another dating app.
Gido seems like a nice guy.
He saved my life, too.
You tailed me.
So, your sister...
The least you could do
is tell me a bit about yourself.
She has pulmonary arterial hypertension.
One of the arteries connecting her heart
to her lungs is thinner,
which cause symptoms similar
to heart failures.
Has she been hospitalized her whole life?
The only cure is to replace her lungs.
She's on the donor waitlist right now.
The operation would take place in the US,
and I need money to get her there.
Is that why you've been embezzling funds
from Goroku's organization?
Your sister wouldn't appreciate being saved
with tainted money.
Don't bother trying to convince me otherwise.
I would do anything to save my sister.
If Gido is found guilty of theft,
my embezzling will be discovered as well.
But I can't afford to die now.
Let's join forces again.
You'll get more intel on the culprit
with my help.
[Adachi: We've tracked down Kaieda.]
You suspect Kaieda?
I'm not working with you.
You're not trustworthy.
My advice? Don't give them this.
[Tips for making Cream Puffs]
You'll get your family involved.
Don't take stuff from me.
Then don't tail me.
Kaieda uses his vast wealth
to frequent clubs every night.
According to one hostess he visits,
Kaieda's been lending his name
to a "Clearance Law Office".
[4 hours 45 minutes remaining]
Find us the real culprit, money and all.
You have until midnight.
Good evening, Inspector Gido.
Why're you here?
I was waiting here in hopes you'd arrive.
Kaieda went into the building 30 minutes ago.
Where's Teramoto?
He clocked out on time.
And you won't?
Certainly not.
Frankly speaking, I thought investigations
meant nothing to you, sir.
I'm happy to see I was proven wrong.
Tailing me won't get you far.
You could even die.
Risks are necessary to find out the truth.
I'm doing this so justice prevails, sir.
Adachi.
Yes, sir?
You're an upstanding officer.
Thank you, sir.
Ready?
Yes, sir.
Police.
Where's Mr. Kaieda?
If I recall, this woman is... "Machi".
An old friend of Fuyuhashi,
who wrangles up the young folk
working under him.
Machi knows of "Gido".
Gido, Tokyo Metropolitan Police.
Adachi. Mr. Kaieda is here, is he not?
I reckon he's in that room.
Why have you come?
We've got business with him.
Mr. Kaieda is not - hey!
Machi.
Didn't I say no visitors?
Sorry, sir. The police here insisted.
You must be Mr. Kaieda.
Tokyo Metropolitan Police, Gido.
Likewise, Adachi.
What brings you here at this hour?
There's no law
against having fun after hours.
We have questions about Natsumi Hayase.
Sir, you were rather close with her, no?
Beats me. I've been forgetful nowadays.
We know you two met at a hotel, sir.
Did we, now?
Ah, apologies.
Miss, could you step out?
I'll make myself presentable.
What are you playing at, Gido?
You're trampling onto Goroku's turf.
Ain't it your job to keep the officers
off our trail?
Goroku won't be happy.
Not like I've got long to live.
I see. So you're rebelling.
Natsumi Hayase's death and the missing cash
are connected.
Tell me what you know
of her disappearance three years ago.
I don't know a thing.
A dead man is a desperate man, Kaieda.
A-Alright, I'll talk, I'll talk!
Why did you go to see Natsumi?
I was having her embezzle money for me
from the organization.
I blackmailed her.
Said I'd tell her family everything.
Scumbag.
Like you're so innocent.
You blackmailed her for the very same reason.
You stole the billion yen.
No, that, I didn't do.
You murdered Natsumi!
Course not. I owed her my life.
Why would I kill the woman
who was getting me money?
You're going to tell Goroku
everything you did to Natsumi.
Calm down for a second.
If anything, Ichika's the suspicious one.
Why's that?
Use your brain, Gido.
She replaced Natsumi,
and now handles the organization's money.
She's the one really benefitting
from Natsumi's death.
Are you saying Ichika murdered Natsumi,
and made off with the billion yen?
That's right.
Where's your proof?
I don't got any.
Press her, and you'll get answers.
But Goroku won't let that slide.
Ichika's hard to replace, after all.
If you choose to press Ichika instead,
I'll give you my support at tonight's dinner.
That'll convince Goroku to take action.
Us embezzlers should work together, eh?
Gido, the only way you're saving your skin,
is by sacrificing Ichika.
Hello?
Feeling better?
Fuyuhashi.
I'm sending you an address.
Come quick, you've got work to do.
You know I've got no time for jobs now.
Your circumstances don't matter.
The organization's orders are absolute.
Fuyuhashi speaks for Goroku.
You'd better hurry on now.
I'll see you later, Gido.
Let's expose Ichika together, eh?
Sir?
We're ending things here for the night.
[4 hours 28 minutes remaining]
[GooSix Co.]
Looks good. Let's call it for the tonight.
Phew...
Great work, everybody.
Here, get yourselves a nice dinner.
You all deserve it.
- Here.
- Thank you, sir.
Mr. Goroku's covering dinner for us tonight!
Thank you, sir.
Don't feel obligated to go though.
If you've got plans, prioritize them.
Have a good night.
- You too, sir.
- Thank you.
What did you need?
I wanted to talk about Gido.
You gave him a midnight deadline
with his life on the line.
No need to talk about that here.
He's not finding the culprit
in less than four hours, sir.
Then I never needed him in the first place.
But sir...
What brings you here tonight, Mr. Kaieda?
You've driven Gido up a wall, Mr. Goroku.
He even came barging into my firm.
Surely he's gone too far.
I understand police intel is valuable,
but it may give us issues in the future.
That is my warning to you
as your legal consultant.
- Thank you, Mr. Kaieda.
- Of course.
I will see you both at dinner tonight.
- Take care, sir.
- Will do.
If Gido's caught,
things will get dicey for you, Ichika.
I know you've both taken money
from the organization.
You're currently Gido's prime suspect.
He'll press you at dinner tonight.
But if I take your side,
you'll get off scot-free.
Why not jump ship to me?
Gido stole the billion yen,
and murdered Natsumi.
Make the accusation,
and I'll back your claim.
[3 hours 10 minutes remaining]
Shut up already.
Evening.
Thanks again.
That just now
was one of Goroku's "part-timers".
Some folks try to use their accounts
to make the organization's money their own.
That's what happens
to the ones who get caught.
Once their families file
a missing persons report,
Gido would inform the organization
of their search.
It's almost midnight.
I'll tell you how to save your skin.
Blame everything on me.
What?
Tell them I tricked Natsumi,
stole the money,
and then murdered her to take her place.
But if I do that...
Don't worry,
I'll find a way out of the situation.
So don't you dare run away on me.
Fine, I'll work with you.
I knew you were a smart cookie, Ichika.
Say, let's strategize in private before dinner.
I'll show you something good.
These are records proving Gido used Natsumi
to embezzle money three years ago.
[Deposit Receipts]
Show this to Goroku, and it's over for Gido.
And why do you have these records?
I took them for myself
when Natsumi disappeared.
Replace my name in the blue with Gido's,
and you're set to go.
Bring this to Goroku's attention,
and you'll surely earn his trust.
I'll put it to good use.
Excellent. That seals our partnership - ouch.
Here, let me open a nice wine for us.
I'll tell you how to save your skin.
Blame everything on me.
Tell them I tricked Natsumi,
stole the money,
and then murdered her to take her place.
Ichika's proposition was a lie.
She's trying to set me up.
I have to run.
That's the only way I'm surviving.
But before I disappear...
- Give that a taste.
- Okay.
- Doesn't that taste like your father's?
- Yeah.
Let's give it another go.
Here, pour in the milk.
What brings you here at this hour?
Did you change your custard recipe?
Pardon?
Well... Baking's actually a hobby of mine.
Do you include a vanilla bean
when you boil the milk?
Yes, I was told it helps with the scent.
Have you changed the amount of eggs
you add to the choux batter?
Yes. On dry days,
I was told to add more eggs.
Told, by who?
A regular of ours.
A regular?
Yes, she's quite the dessert expert.
She even stopped by a second time today
to give us advice.
She helped us recreate Dad's flavor.
Yes, exactly.
We couldn't believe our cream puffs
now taste just like my son's.
Who gave you the advice?
A lovely woman named Ichika Kogo.
My advice? Don't give them this.
Here.
Try it. It tastes just like my Dad's custard.
How is it?
It tastes...
like kindness.
Right?
Such a kindhearted man cannot be a murderer.
My dad didn't kill my mom.
I know he didn't.
Could I get your gun?
It's time for dinner.
I know.
I was on my way.
Evening.
Good evening, sir.
Two nights in a row of your cooking?
What an honor.
I must agree.
I've got another luxury ingredient tonight.
Gido, you liked lobster, no?
Ichika, do you have any further updates?
I have not found any accounts nor safes
made under Natsumi's name.
Furthermore, I have no record
stating the money went to Natsumi either.
Then someone else must have stolen the money,
and silenced Natsumi instead.
Guess we can be certain it's Gido.
Disappearing for half a year
doesn't help your case either.
How about it, Gido?
Can you prove your innocence?
Here, one last delicious meal for the road.
Half a year ago...
I made myself scarce,
because I thought I was a dead man.
And yet, I crawled back here.
Know why?
It's to expose the true culprit.
You're the one behind it all, aren't you?
Mr. Kaieda.
That's your last resort? Pathetic.
You blackmailed Natsumi
to help embezzle the organization's money.
I was having her embezzle money for me
from the organization.
I blackmailed her.
Said I'd tell her family everything.
You threatened me to say that at gunpoint.
This recording proves nothing.
If anything, you're the one
who had Natsumi embezzling money.
We all know the rumors.
Don't you have any record of that, Ichika?
After re-evaluating some numbers,
I did come across an anomaly.
Three years ago, Natsumi embezzled money
from the organization.
We lost a grand total of 68 million yen.
It says here the money went to you,
Mr. Kaieda.
What?
These are some records Natsumi left behind.
Lies! This was proof of Gido's embezzling.
You swapped our names.
Mr. Kaieda, please.
Enjoy this delicious meal.
Sir, I'm sorry. I only took a couple million.
But I know nothing of the missing billion.
I didn't kill Natsumi either!
Your suspicions aren't cleared yet, Gido.
Especially since the missing cash
still remains at large.
But I admit,
you brought us a lead today.
I shall give you passing marks for the night.
Eat up while it's hot.
- Thank you, sir.
- Much appreciated.
What was your plan if I had blamed you?
I would've tried to pin the blame on Kaieda.
What a reckless move.
I know.
That data wouldn't have been convincing enough.
But your recording dealt the finishing blow.
Thank you.
I knew.
I knew rebooting would put you in danger.
But I vowed to protect you
for getting involved.
So...
I want us to join forces again.
Were you lying about being Gido's lover?
Yes.
It was a front
to keep our embezzling a secret.
Otherwise our frequent meet-ups
would make Goroku suspicious.
These are the revised cream puffs.
They followed your advice.
Bon appétit.
Thanks.
I've decided to trust you, Ichika.
Let's both survive for our family's sake.
I don't care about that woman.
Weren't you going to believe me?
You're hiding something.
Show me the proof.
Let's end this.
We must survive, for our family's sake.